Developer Guide
=======================

@page developer_guide Developer Guide

Code Style/Standard
-----------------------
The project strictly adheres to the 
[Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html). 
Additionally the project/file structure follows the structure established in 
[project-structure](https://github.com/DVA490-474-Project-Course/project-structure).

## Naming rules
- Please favor always using longer name for clarity rather than using unclear 
accronyms. 
- File names: all lowercase and use _ for word seperation. C++ files end with 
.cc and headers with .h. Filenames should be very specific.
- Directory: all lowercase and use - for word seperation.
- All types including classes, struct, enums, type aliases, type templates, 
concept names: start with capital letter and have capital letter at the begining 
of each word.
- Variables: all lower case with _ for word seperation.
- See remaning in .cc and .h files.

## Disallowed
The followng libraries must not be used:
- &lt;ratio&gt;
- &lt;cfenv&gt; and &lt;fenv.h&gt;
- &lt;filesystem&gt;
- &lt;coroutine&gt;
- Do not use any C++20 modules.

Check https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html for the libraries from 
Boost library collection which are allowed.

File Structure
-----------------------
- src: contains all source files (.cc) and their respective (private) header 
files (.h) (these are meant for internal use and are not meant for distribution 
to the public).
- include: contains all "public interface" headers, all the headers that are 
for public (external) consumption. (Will probably not be used).
- lib: contains all library files. (Will probably not be used).
- tests: contains all test files (unit tests, integration tests, etc).
- CMakeLists.txt: used to generate a Makefile (build system-independent).
- Makefile: used to compile all the code and get executable code (provided by 
the CMake file).
- build: all files generated by compilation should be here.
- docs: folder for documentation files.
- README.md: should provide general project overview, contributors, stakeholders, contact information, dependencies and requirements, sponsors, instructions of how to use/install the project.
- .gitignore: files/directories that should be ignored are build, Makefile, generated.

Testing Standard
-----------------------
The project follows no specific testing standards or guidelines. There must be 
unit tests for every function and integration tests for every module, but 
nothing dictates how these tests should be written or structured. However, it
must not violate the coding standards followed by the project. 

### Testing Framework/Tool
[Google Test](https://google.github.io/googletest/) is the framework used for 
software testing and mocking.

Documentation
-----------------------
All documentation is to be in British English and must follow scientific 
writing standards. 

### Documentation Tool
[Doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/) is used for software documentation, all 
header files are to have comments in accordance with the Doxygen tool.

Version Control
-----------------------
[Git](https://git-scm.com/) and [GitHub](https://github.com/) is used for 
version control and storage of all project material.